[Fix] Fix docs: new_data_model, exist_data_new_model, customize_models, customize_runtime (#8518)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/2_new_data_model.md

In this note, we give an example for converting the data into COCO format.

> **Note**: Datasets and metrics have been decoupled except CityScapes since MMDetection 3.0 . So users can evaluate on VOC dataset with COCO metric, or evaluate on VOC dataset with both VOC and COCO metrics.

Reviewer: The coco dataset should also be able to use the voc metric, and many users still use it like this

> **Note**: Datasets and metrics have been decoupled except CityScapes since MMDetection 3.0 . So users can evaluate on VOC dataset with COCO metric, or evaluate on VOC dataset with both VOC and COCO metrics.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Datasets and metrics have been decoupled except CityScapes since MMDetection 3.0 . Therefore, users can use any kind of evaluation metrics for any format of datasets during validation. For example: evaluate on VOC dataset with COCO metric, or evaluate on OpenImages dataset with both VOC and COCO metrics.
```

> **Note**: Datasets and metrics have been decoupled except CityScapes since MMDetection 3.0 . So users can use VOC as dataset and COCO metric as metric, or use VOC as dataset and use VOC metric and COCO metric as metric simultaneously now.

Reviewer 3: Datasets and metrics have been decoupled except CityScapes since MMDetection 3.0 . So users can evaluate on VOC dataset with COCO metric, or evaluate on VOC dataset with both VOC and COCO metrics.

            'name': 'balloon'
        }])
    dump(coco_format_json, out_file)

if __name__ == '__main__':
    convert_balloon_to_coco(ann_file='data/balloon/train/via_region_data.json',
                            out_file='data/balloon/train/annotation_coco.json',
                            image_prefix='data/balloon/train')
    convert_balloon_to_coco(ann_file='data/balloon/val/via_region_data.json',
                            out_file='data/balloon/val/annotation_coco.json',
                            image_prefix='data/balloon/val')

```

Using the function above, users can successfully convert the annotation file into json format, then we can use `CocoDataset` to train and evaluate the model with `CocoMetric`.

## Prepare a config

The second step is to prepare a config thus the dataset could be successfully loaded. Assume that we want to use Mask R-CNN with FPN, the config to train the detector on balloon dataset is as below. Assume the config is under directory `configs/balloon/` and named as `mask_rcnn_r50_caffe_fpn_mstrain-poly_1x_balloon.py`, the config is as below.

```python
# The new config inherits a base config to highlight the necessary modification

> _base_ = '../mask_rcnn/mask_rcnn_r50_caffe_fpn_mstrain-poly_1x_coco.py'

Reviewer 2: filename will be changed

# Modify dataset related settings

> dataset_type = 'COCODataset'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dataset_type = 'CocoDataset'
```

data_root='data/balloon/'
train_dataloader = dict(
    dataset=dict(
        data_root=data_root,
        ann_file='train/annotation_coco.json',
        data_prefix=dict(img='train/')))
val_dataloader = dict(
    dataset=dict(
        data_root=data_root,
        ann_file='val/annotation_coco.json',
        data_prefix=dict(img='val/')))
test_dataloader = val_dataloader

# Modify metric related settings
val_evaluator = dict(
    ann_file=data_root + 'val/annotation_coco.json')
test_evaluator = val_evaluator

# We can use the pre-trained Mask RCNN model to obtain higher performance

> load_from = 'checkpoints/mask_rcnn_r50_caffe_fpn_mstrain-poly_3x_coco_bbox_mAP-0.408__segm_mAP-0.37_20200504_163245-42aa3d00.pth'

Reviewer 2: make sure the tutorial is runnable
